granddaughter
We nine clans are willing to get married immediately
Tiannu marries Zu Mai
match
God-sent fate
Just you too
We didn't volunteer
He made us shut up.
Dare to barb in front of the saintess
A man that even my white-collar colleagues can't afford
It's something you little people can think about
Inform the Virgin
They didn't just cross the river and demolish the bridge
I still want to tear up the wedding
Even smashed the nine tripods
Cause chaos
Destroy Jiuding
How dare you
Ah virgin wrath
I defend against foreign enemies in Cangshan
Protect the well-being of the continent
What is it that countless soldiers from continents bravely saved one?
And you
How dare you destroy Jiuding
Do you want the Great Song to perish?
Holy maiden, calm down
We didn't know it could be this serious.
I'm sorry, how many people have you killed?
How can it be so exaggerated
Goodbye mother look back